Good work, Li'l Genius.
Got a minute to talk?
Japan's U-20s
What do you want? Make it quick.
All right.
Our star player, Sendou, and your
violent plus-one got into another fight.
Seems they just can't get along.
Don't care.
Just kick that garbage "star player"
of yours off the team.
Nah, he may be garbage to you,
but to us, he's our star player.
So a lot of our players are saying
if Sendou's left out, they won't play.
At this rate, the match will be boycotted
due to too many players withdrawing.
Still not gonna change
your mind, Li'l Genius?
Is that a threat?
Not at all.
I don't think anyone wants
to see the match canceled.
You're the crowd-pulling panda here,
so I'm trying to be nice to you.
So what do you want?
Let us win without Shidou.
Should be easy for
a genius like you, right?
Is that the consensus of the team?
Or did the JFU geezers put you up to it?
Well, 99% of it is my selfish side wanting
to know what you can bring to the table.
And the remaining 1% is
because it's my job as captain.
I don't like money-grabbing adults, either.
You're one self-serving captain.
Interesting idea. Okay, I'll take the bait.
You will? Thanks.
You're more amiable than I thought.
Don't get the wrong idea.
I'll be the one testing you.
If you can't keep up with me, I'm out.
All right.
As you wish...
Time
Until
the
Match
Li'l Genius.
Begins
Episode
The Big Stage
That day, I was surprisingly calm.
What mattered was what I had to do.
The "where" and "who" didn't matter.
The previous 15 days of training
had helped me to think that way.
Mostly because we'd trained
with a strong sense of purpose.
How would we get laser-like focused for
this challenge that'd light a fire in our lives?
Gagamaru
Aryu
Chigiri
Karasu
Bachira
Niko
The answer to that lay in...
Oh, hey, there's a soccer game today.
Who are they playing again?
"Blue Lock"?
Never heard of 'em.
It's the U-20s' "diamond generation,"
plus Itoshi Sae.
No way they'll lose.
Still, I never expected Itoshi Sae
to actually turn out for them.
Here's What Blue Lock Is All About
Is Blue Lock the Missing Piece to Make
Japan's Dream of Winning the World Cup a Reality?
Here's What Blue Lock Is All About
Is Blue Lock the Missing Piece to Make
Japan's Dream of Winning the World Cup a Reality?
Here's What Blue Lock Is All About
Is Blue Lock the Missing Piece to Make
Japan's Dream of Winning the World Cup a Reality?
Here's What Blue Lock Is All About
Is Blue Lock the Missing Piece to Make
Japan's Dream of Winning the World Cup a Reality?
Here's What Blue Lock Is All About
Is Blue Lock the Missing Piece to Make
Japan's Dream of Winning the World Cup a Reality?
Here's What Blue Lock Is All About
Is Blue Lock the Missing Piece to Make
Japan's Dream of Winning the World Cup a Reality?
Here's What Blue Lock Is All About
Is Blue Lock the Missing Piece to Make
Japan's Dream of Winning the World Cup a Reality?
Other Search Results
What is Blue Lock
Blue Lock high schoolers
Blue Lock certified students
Blue Lock striker
Blue Lock Japan Team
Blue Lock dropouts
300 High Schoolers
Here's What Blue Lock Is All About
Is Blue Lock the Missing Piece to Make
Japan's Dream of Winning the World Cup a Reality?
Here's What Blue Lock Is All About
Please just let me play soccer
the way I want to.
Not happening.
You have to follow our roles.
Use that exceptional physique
you were born with...
...and focus on doing
hold-up play for the team.
All right.
Blue Lock, huh?
Wanna come with me?
Yeah!
Go! Go!
Nice one!
This stadium is huge.
I didn't know this was here.
We get to see Sae-kun in the flesh.
Are you ready?
They're known as the diamond generation!
Yay!
Wow, a poster of Sendou! Look, look!
There are no gaps in Japan's U-20s!
It's a certain victory!
I can't believe I get to see Itoshi Sae's
first game and goal in a Japan shirt.
Hoichi's Japan team strides into battle!
Bear!
This is such a premium event.
Order number 120!
Say cheese!
What a long line.
U-20 Japan
E-Gate Entrance
The end of the line
This way, please!
Wonder what it's like inside.
Take my picture next!
Itoshi Sae towels are sold out!
Aw, seriously?
What's this?
Is it a bear?
Hey, do you want one?
Nah.
There's one thing Japanese soccer
needs to become the best in the world:
The birth of a revolutionary striker.
Based on my arbitrary
and biased decision-making,
Jeez, you're drinking already?
I chose 300 18-and-under
strikers from across the nation,
and started an experiment to turn one
of them into the world's best striker.
And that's what this facility is for.
Who's the big-talking four-eyes
with the bob cut?
"Blue Lock."
No idea.
Gosh, look at this, dear.
Yeah...
Is Yoichi really playing a game here?
It goes without saying
that Itoshi Sae's awesome.
But Oliver Aiku in defense
is seriously insane.
Oh, really? Huh.
Sae-kun's a world-class player,
so he's on a whole other level.
I personally traveled
to Spain to watch him play.
Wow, you know so much.
Hey, should we open this champagne now?
Well, he's up against a bunch of failed
high schoolers in this "Blue Lock" team.
So I can see Sae-kun scoring a hat-trick
and his team winning 5-0 or so.
Oh, it's over here!
Hey, nice! We're pretty close!
Sendou-kun's so cool!
Aiku!
Time
Until
the
Match
Time
Until
the
Match
Begins
It's starting.
Check it out, Isagi. How do I look?
Oh, looking good.
This is actually our first time
wearing the Blue Lock kit.
Yeah. At last, huh?
We're playing the U-20s for real.
I can't believe we've come this far.
But today isn't the end.
This is only our beginning, right?
Yeah.
Hello there. Sorry I'm late.
It took till the very last minute, but...
Ishikari
Raichi
Reo
Barou
Tokimitsu
Tsurugi
Hiiragi
Kurona
Hiori
Nanase
Kiyora
Igarashi
This is our bench.
We can use three subs.
Make sure you're ready to jump
into the game at any moment.
I got in.
And here's the other team's lineup.
Japan's U-20s Starting Formation
Sendou Shuto
Chou Kento
Darai Miroku
Wakatsuki Itsuki
Itoshi Sae
Hayate Haru
Kitsunezato Teru
Oliver Aiku
Fukaku Gen
Niou Kazuma
Neru Teppei
Shidou isn't in it?
What the hell? Are they screwing with us?
Maybe he's incompatible over there, too?
Japan's U-20s Starting Formation
Sendou Shuto
Chou Kento
Darai Miroku
Wakatsuki Itsuki
Itoshi Sae
Hayate Haru
Kitsunezato Teru
Oliver Aiku
Fukaku Gen
Niou Kazuma
Neru Teppei
I bet it's something like that.
Forget about it.
Either way, what you need
to do stays the same:
Execute the plan.
Listen up, diamonds in the rough.
The world doesn't know you yet.
Don't you think this is the perfect stage?
Change your fate in the next 90 minutes.
Carve your egos into the world today.
We're going to win this, Blue Lock.
Hell yeah!
Got it.
Yes, sir.
Okay, let's go.
Let's start this decisive match!
Oh, here comes Blue Lock.
Wow, there they are.
So this is U-20 Japan XI.
And that's Itoshi Sae.
Tch. Can't help it. I'm gettin' excited.
Yup, totally.
I like this feeling.
I'm quivering with glam-ticipation.
Are you the goalie?
Today's my first time in goal.
Huh?
Shidou's your former teammate, right?
Sorry, but he won't get
the chance to play today.
We'll stop you from scoring.
Good luck out there, Blue Lock.
Sure.
If we lose this match,
my soccer career is over.
I've survived moments like this before.
That's why I'm standing here on this stage.
Japan!
Japan! Japan! Japan!
Holy cow.
Play-by-Play Announcer
This is a match the whole country
will be watching.
The stadium is jam-packed.
What are your thoughts, Natsuki-san?
Man, isn't this just the best?
I can't believe it.
Soccer Commentator
I mean, the Itoshi Sae is
playing today, you know?
The whole world is tuned in to this game.
Indeed.
Here are the formations of both teams.
All eyes are on Itoshi Sae
playing in the hole.
This match is being held
at Blue Lock's main stadium.
And it's almost time for kickoff.
Maybe I've come farther
than I ever imagined I would.
The view in front of me now is one I never
envisioned before coming to Blue Lock.
How well can I play in
front of this huge crowd?
No, ignore it.
Who cares what other people think?
I have to concentrate on myself.
Become immersed in the battle.
So half-baked.
Blue Lock XI
What are you scared of, idiot?
I'm just totally stoked!
Japan! Japan! Japan!
Japan's U-20
Blue Lock XI
Let's do this, Isagi.
Right.
I'm going to change the world with my goals.
Blue Lock XI, it's go time.
Japan's U-20s
Our main attackers are me, Rin...
Blue Lock XI
and Nagi.
The three of us will make the chances.
All built around this central triangle.
The basis of this formation is
a 4-5-1 with Itoshi Rin up top.
But think of it as a defensive formation.
When attacking, the key player,
Karasu Tabito, will drop back
between the two center backs
to make a three-man defensive unit.
Got it.
Then, the full-backs
will move up to make it...
a 3-6-1 "nitro formation"
with more men in the middle.
This is a flexible formation
to nick goals from anywhere,
only made possible because
of our all-striker team.
It's a super all-out attack
Blue Lock system.
More men, huh?
Oh?
We have to take advantage of
this moment before they can adjust.
Go for it...
monster!
Blue Lock XI
Shot fired, and boom.
Oh, what's this? You coming this way, kiddo?
Japan's U-20
Pretty please? If you don't mind.
He's fast.
From that double touch feint, he'll go here!
Pivoting on the ball
while going at top speed?
You ready?
Air rush turn!
Now to hit it first-time into the box.
Nah.
Not there.
The one perfectly linking up
with my perfect play...
I knew it'd be you, Isagi.
Love ya, partner.
The U-20s... This field...
You and I will smash 'em all!
I'm in behind!
You're perfect at this, Bachira.
I have more faith in your
dribbling than anyone else.
This'll work.
Our style of soccer...
can slice right through them!
Wha...
Are you serious?
What's he doing here?
No way. You can reach that?
A superb clearance by Oliver Aiku!
What the hell was that?
A guess? A reaction?
Or maybe it was both?
The positions of the players, my speed,
where the ball was going to drop...
He had to have seen all of it,
then moved reflexively in a second to cover.
His field of vision, his brain, his physique...
What kind of specs does he have?
Aiku! Aiku! Aiku!
So this is Japan's U-20s'
key defender and captain, Oliver Aiku.
Japan's U-20s
Know something, Blue Lock No. 11?
People often compare strikers to thieves
and defenders to the police.
While I'm on patrol...
you won't be stealing any goals, Li'l Burglar.
Aiku! Aiku! Aiku!
Our max-intensity move was
seen through in a second and stamped out.
The U-20s are on a whole other level.
This is great. I've found him.
The person I want to challenge.
He's the wall that'll lead me
to finding my "flow."
Just try and catch me, Mr. Policeman.
You might wanna put a collar on me.
All right.
A
Blue Lock Additional Time.
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
Nagi Seishiro
Yukimiya Kenyu
Preparation
Hey, Nagi-kun, check it out.
Hm? What is it, Yukki?
This is the team we're playing: Japan's U-20s.
Oh, yeah? Never seen 'em before.
Let's look at their data
to prepare ourselves.
This is Sendou Shuto, their star forward.
He's a regular in the league,
and already a goalscorer.
Seems his shots and speed are top-tier.
Yeah? But doesn't he kinda remind you...
of a mean fox from a picture book?
Hah, yeah. I can kind of see it.
Then, what about this Kitsunezato guy?
A lemur.
Hah, he does look a little cute.
This Neru guy reminds me of a hamster.
Then, this guy is a sleep-deprived raccoon.
And this one is...
one of those odd kokeshi dolls.
He's not even an animal?
Hey. Keep it down, you two.
Itoshi Rin
Oh, Rin-kun.
Are you playing that same dumb game again?
Hmph. They're all
water flea shit. End of story.
Huh? Do water fleas even poop?
Yeah? Then, what about...
him?
VEIN POP
What living thing do you hate the most?
Huh? Um, the mosquito, maybe?
A mosquito buzzing about when
I'm trying to go to sleep. Yup, mosquito.
BZZZ
A mosquito with an awful, nagging personality
who tries to one-up you and can't be defeated.
He's an unpleasant,
worthless creature like that.
BZZZ
Half-baked. You're so half-baked.
And your blood's lukewarm.
Wow.
THUMP
Let's squeeze the life out of Itoshi Sae.
Hey, let's not play this game anymore, okay?